---
layout: post
title:  "2018 Goals"
date:   2018-01-01 00:00:00 -0800
categories: 
---

As 2017 draws to a close, I’m looking forward to 2018 and building upon the progress I made this past year. My theme for 2018 is to be more involved in the community. To do this, I need to improve on my speaking skills, mainly by crafting entertaining talks that are __NOT__ boring, and I also need to improve my programming skills focusing on cloud application architecture.

In crafting my goals, I reviewed them with my wife and asked her what she thought about each goal. “It’s a lot” was the response to most of the items, except for a few where there was no hesitation that I could accomplish them. So I adjusted those goals until I got the feedback that the goal was a lot of work, but not something unattainable. I want my 2018 goals to require a lot of effort, stretch my current capabilities, and build upon the work I completed in 2017.

Since creating this list a few weeks ago I’m already writing my first blog post (this one), I have 2 podcasts I’m scheduling to be a guest on, and 2 live presentations scheduled for 1 meet up and 1 conference already scheduled for 2018. 😊

My 2018 Goals:
* 5 Podcast Appearances
* 10 Video Tutorials
* 24 Blog Posts
* 4 Projects with my Daughter
* Renew Xamarin Certification
* 10 Live Presentations
* 4 Microsoft Certifications
* .NET Core Docker Application
* Start my Day Each Morning at 4:00 AM
* Present a TEDx Talk

If you are looking for a podcast guest, have a great idea for a tutorial, or live presentation, please reach out: [codingwithcookie@outlook.com](mailto:codingwithcookie@outlook.com).
